Light-only and dark-only classes (#69)
dodona-edu/dodona-edu.github.io: en/references/exercise-description/README.md

You can also include tables or other elements in a centered group.

> ### Specific mode visibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dark mode visibility
```

> If you want to use two different images for light mode and dark mode you can add the `light-only` or `dark-only` class to the image. The `light-only` class will only show the image when light mode is used while the `dark-only` class will only show the image when dark mode is used. These classes work for any html tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use separate images for light mode and dark mode (e.g. with a different background color) you can add the `light-only` or `dark-only` class to the image. The `light-only` class will only show the image when light mode is used while the `dark-only` class will only show the image when dark mode is used. These classes also work for other html elements.
```
